Hello friends today we are gonna design
a fiber clone using react and CSS this
is the home page we will create this
beautiful neighbor that changes its
background color and shows this menu let
me scroll
there is an infinite slider here that
shows the categories
some other homepage components
project slider
and footer let's open any category page
and here we have all the gig cards in
this category
in the next tutorial we will cover all
these functionalities
let's visit a single gig page
we have a slider
[Music]
product and seller information
and reviews
and in this sticky box we will show
other details
let's assume that I'm a seller in this
case I can see my Geeks
I can create a new gig I can see my
orders
and messages
and I can send a new message to a
customer
if you are just a member there will be
only orders and messages on this menu
and in the next tutorial we will create
a backend server we will fetch all these
data from a database and we will be able
to sell or buy a service so let me know
in the comments what kind of
Technologies you want to see for this
project I will read them and start the
next tutorial as soon as possible by the
way it's been a long time guys since we
created any projects together it's so
exciting to be back and be with you I
really appreciate the kind messages that
you sent to our social media groups
while I was on a vacation and I would
appreciate if you could like this video
because it will really help bring the
channel back to the good old days
okay that's all if you are ready let's
get started
okay I created a new folder and here I
will install my react application
unlike last year we will be using vit
instead of create react app most
probably you have already heard bits
from some other react developers but let
me explain one more time why we are
using bits the main reason is it's
faster than create react app when you
make any changes in your application in
development mode it's reflected in the
browser faster and same goes for the
build time you can build your
applications much faster create react
app is a little bit slower because it
uses a webpack under the hood anyway I'm
not gonna Deep dive into details in this
video but if you want me to create any
video about these topics how react Works
what's webpack what speed just let me
know in the comments but I want to say
one more thing and create react app is
not a monster yes which is better and
faster it has many features but you can
still use CRA especially if you don't
have any complex project there will be
no big difference anyway let's create
our application
you can come here and say yarn create
with
and you can set up your application but
when you do that it's gonna give you
some unnecessary files images and some
styles to prevent this you can use Mama
dev's GitHub page and in this repository
by the way don't forget to give a star
for this repository because all our
projects will be in this repository this
year so it will be easier for you to
follow our projects
okay I will come here and choose this
branch in the source folder as you can
see there is only
main file
and app.js
nothing else it's super clean you don't
have to delete anything you can drag
this start writing your code
okay let's include this project to RV
escort
let's come back
I will come here and copy this link
and I will say git clone
I'm gonna install a single branch
my Branch name
I will paste my link and I want to
install everything in this folder
so I will say dot
and they are here
of course we don't have our libraries
let's install that I'll say yarn
and let's check what we are gonna have
before starting any components we can
create our Pages as you can see this is
our home page we will have register and
login pages
category page single gig page orders
messages and others let's create them
I will come here and
new folder is going to be pages
my first page will be homepage
kicks which is going to be our
categories page
single geek page and login register
if we are a seller we will be able to
see our Geeks so I will say my Geeks
my orders
and messages
and single message page
and finally
we will be able to add new gigs so I
will say at
let's create our files
it's going to be at Dot jsx
and we are going to be using scss file
so it's going to be at dot CSS
to use scss files we have to install SAS
first so I'm gonna say yarn at
SAS
of course if you want to you can use
plain CSS or any UI library but I prefer
using scss
okay let's create our function I will
say
new react function and I'm going to
import my CSS file here
add Dot scss
and I can give here
my class name is going to be at okay
basically this is our main structure a
simple function here by the way it's
going to be dot CSS okay let's do the
same thing for other Pages I'm gonna do
this quickly
okay they are ready we have all our
pages so what I want to do is to install
eslint first
I will say yarn at yes mint and it's
going to be a Dev dependency
we are going to need it that because it
allows us to catch our errors quickly
you are gonna see what I mean by that
let's initialize our eslint I'll say MPX
yes didn't
and init
let me make this bigger I want to check
my syntax we are going to be using
import export
we are using obviously react
and
no type script
we are running our application on the
browser and the config file should be
Json
and we are going to be using react
plugin so I will say yes
yarn and it's gonna install let's check
here as you can see we have some
configuration here
and let's check
let's make a mistake here let's write
here a function
and as you can see it warns us that
because we created this function but we
have never used it this is why it shows
this red warning and also if I make here
any mistake as you can see it says
unexpected keywords there is an error
here it will be const
this is how we are using eslint okay
let's rate this
and we can get started let's see
okay firstly I want to create this Nail
Bar as you know it says sticking Rubber
and when we scroll down
this menu appears
let's create that
by the way we can start our application
I will say yarn run
there
let's click here
and as you can see this is our
application
let's create our first component I'm
gonna show it this
and I will come here and say components
and first component will be never
jsx
and CSS
let's create our function
and import our number CSS
and give a class name here
okay
to see our changes I'm gonna go to
app.js
and use it here
I'll say another
like that by the way there's a warning
here that because we are not using
import react actually we don't need that
but eslint wants us to import this
like that
of course you don't have to you can go
to your config file and get rid of this
kind of warnings but it can stay not a
problem and let's check our application
as you can see it's here firstly I want
to create a container that because we
are going to give some space here to
left and right
so let's say
a container
we are gonna have two sections first one
will be this logo section and second one
will be our links
so let's say we'll go
and one more and it's going to be links
that's right here expand
is going to be
our name and one more thing as you can
see there is a DOT here
I'm going to create another span
and it's going to be just plot
so I can give here any class name let's
say text
and number okay it's going to be Dot
okay by the way this warning is just a
spell check if I do this Fiverr it's
gone but our website name includes 2R
this is why it's blue
don't worry about that
and what about our links
Let's see we have
five links here and one button
I will just copy and paste them there is
nothing important here
like that they are just spins
and
I'm gonna add here a button
and it's going to be sign in
I like that
sorry it's join I'm gonna change it and
after that we are gonna give our style
I will see join
and let's open up our CSS file here
and I'm gonna close this menu
okay
let me showing this
firstly I will say rubber
and inside we have our container
inside this container
logo and
link steps inside logo we have our text
and Dot and inside links we have our
spans
firstly I'm gonna give here a bit 1040
pixels
that we cannot see it right now
if I Center this
just by contact center
as you can see we have a space here let
me give here a background color and you
are going to see better
okay as you can see this is what we want
like here
let's separate our items to do that I'm
gonna give
again display Flex this time justify
content will be space between so it's
going to separate our items I can give
some padding gear from top and bottom
let's say 20 pixels
and zero from left and right like that
and what about this logo
let's come here
actually I can write it here because
it's going to affect our DOT span also
from fate bolt and I'm gonna change its
color
and it's going to be this green color
like that perfect
what about those links
let's come here and display flex and I'm
gonna give a gap between them
as you can see they are separated right
now
by the way I can Center this button and
those links
to do that I will say align item Center
and it's going to Center them vertically
and I can change its font weight
let's say 500
by the way if you want to you can change
your font family I checked font family
or Fiverr but they are using premium
font family so we are gonna be using
default one we don't have to change it
what about this button let's see as you
can see there is a border first and when
we hover over it changes its background
color
let's do that
we don't need those span sighting I'm
Gonna Change it to button
and font color will be white
I'm gonna give some padding
time to to any
and all the radius
is going to be five pixels
and I'm gonna give some border it's
gonna be one pixel solid and white
and I will say cursor pointer so we can
click by the way we don't have any
background color let's change it
it's going to be a transparent
of course we cannot see it that because
we don't have any background yet let's
go to our neighbor our parent deal and I
will say background color
this green color like this but as you
can see our texts are black let's change
them
okay perfect and when I hover over here
I'm gonna change its background
let's give here our over effect
I'm going to change its background color
and also border color
it's going to be our green color
oops there is something wrong
because I forgot here this and sign
and perfect
I think I've used different font family
here
doesn't look same
let me check this quickly okay I'm using
different one let's open up our index
file here
as you can see by default we are using
Roboto but I'm gonna add one more link
here and it's going to be Montserrat if
you check this letter have it so I'm
gonna come here find my links and I'm
gonna change its font family like that
okay it looks much better
and what else as you can see we have a
menu here let's create this quickly
by the way those links are not clickable
for example I cannot click on this logo
let's handle that of course you can use
anchor attack here but I don't recommend
to use it that because we are going to
be navigating through our Pages using
react rather Dom
let's install this I'll say yarn add
react router
and after that we will be able to use
its link let's come here and say link as
you can see it comes from via cladour
Dom
I will import
and wrap my logo here and I will write
here
wherever I want to go and it's going to
be home page
of course it's not gonna work properly
that's because we didn't wrap our
application with react rather than what
I want to do this later first I want to
finish this never
after that you are gonna see how they
work
I'm just gonna comment this out for now
and create my menu let's give here HR
tag is going to give a line between our
links and our menu actually it's going
to be after our container that because
it's going to contain as you can see all
our Navar not only container
and after that I will say menu
let's create here some span
like that we are going to change them
after covering our application with
react rather Dom that's because I'm
gonna give a link
but for now just for testing purpose
they can stay like that as you can see
they are here that's because we said
display Flex for the snapbar I'm gonna
come here and change it
as you can see it's horizontal and it's
going to be
vertical so I will say Flex Direction
column
like this let's change its Style
I will say menu
again I'm gonna give
a thousand four hundred
I'm gonna give some padding from top and
bottom
but as you realize since we made our
Nail Bar vertical this justify content
is not gonna work instead I'm gonna just
say align item Center
okay let's come back I will say display
flex and justify content space between
in this case it's going to separate our
Links of course we have only two links
right now but when we create more it's
gonna look like this
okay
let's change from fate
and color will be Gray
by the way I can use same font framework
here
like that
by the way this HR tag looks a little
bit weird it's just a dot let's change
it
before this menu I will say HR tag and
it's beautifully 100 percent
height zero and I'm gonna give some
border and it's going to be 0.5 pixels
solid and let's say light gray
let me make this
white for now after that we are going to
change
okay
as you can see it's a little bit lighter
you can leave it like that or change it
whatever you like
okay it can stay like that
okay we have almost finished our number
but there is something important and
it's this screwing effect as you can see
we don't have menu anymore and its color
is green but when I scroll it becomes
white and this menu appears to do that
we have to check if we scroll down or
our neighbor is still on the top
I will close here
of course it's red that because we are
not using yet
I will say const
active
set active we are going to be using use
datehook
and at the beginning it's going to be
false
and when it's true I'm just gonna change
my class name here
that's right here
a condition I will say if it's active
the class name will be number and also
active if it's not it's going to be just
never
let's give our style first and we can
see it better
I will come here and say
one more class name and if it's active
its background color will be white
and
text color will be black
Let's test
I'm gonna make this true
as you can see it's white if it's false
it's going to be green so I can write
the same condition for this menu
I will come here
let's actually take this HR also
but if you are using multiple components
don't forget to write here react
fragments like that
and I'm going to write here my condition
I will say if active
just show those components
okay
let's make this true
again
as you can see it's here okay awesome
but we are gonna trigger this effect
using use effects and when we scroll
down it's going to be active
let's do that I'll say use effect
and we are going to be using window here
add event listener normally we are not
using event listeners for react
applications but there is something
different here that because we are using
window we are not using any HTML
elements here so you can use event
listener it's not a big deal
so we are going to check its screw
effect and let's write here a function
actually I can create here
cost is active we are going to check
whether it's active or not
and we are going to check
window Dot scroll y
it's going to show us our position
so I will say if it's bigger than 0 it
means we have scrolled in this case it's
going to be
set active and true if it's not in this
case it's going to be false
let's use it here and I'm going to use a
cleanup function here by the way if you
didn't watch my user fact video I highly
recommend you to watch it if you don't
know how to use use effect properly
after you screen app functions
and I'm just gonna delete my event
listener here
scroll and is active
by the way it's gonna be
semicolon
let's check but of course we don't have
any content here yet let's open up our
app.js
and right here some
random texts I'm gonna duplicate this
couple times
and when I scroll as you can see
it works as we expected
but we don't have any animation let's
add here I will say
transition
0.5 seconds
and it's gonna include all effects
and timing function so it's going to be
a little bit slower
let's check okay perfect
as you can see it's much better right
now
but there is a problem here
when I screw as you can see this is
sticky let's give this effect
I will come here and say position sticky
in this case I should give my position
here and it's going to be top zero it's
gonna stay on top zero all the time
like that
perfect
so it works I can delete my
H1 tags here
and there is one more thing if you have
a user
let me change here
I'm gonna add here a current user
like that as you can see when I click
here we are gonna see this menu so I'm
gonna need one more condition here and
it's going to be a user of course in the
next tutorial we are going to fetch our
user from our database but for now
let's say current user
of course const
I'm gonna give some ID here
maybe username
and one more thing we are going to need
and it's gonna be is seller
not because if you are not a seller we
will not able to see our gigs and add
new gig section we are going to see our
orders messages and this logout button
that's all by the way let's add this
user
I will come here by the way I don't want
to see those red warnings I'm going to
open up my yes and configuration
and add here my rules
in this case they are not going to be
red they are going to be yellow it means
okay it's not vital but there is still
error here it's not an error it's just a
warning okay
so after those buttons let's add here
some conditions firstly this one I will
say if current user
is seller don't show this link that's
because we are already seller we don't
have to see this
and this one if you have a current user
we don't have to see this button
and I will say if there is a current
user add here a div and it's going to be
a user div
and inside we are going to have our
username let's say current user dot
username
and also you can add here your profile
picture and under this I can add my menu
let's say maybe options
we already have menu so I'm gonna add
my items here but as I said if you are a
seller we will be able to see this and
this link otherwise we are gonna see
only those three
so I need one more condition here I will
say if current user
is a seller
show here kicks
add new gig
and here add two more and it's gonna be
orders
messages and log out
okay let's give a style
inside links we have a user View
and it's going to be a display Flex I
will say align item Center and I'm gonna
give a gap between this image and
username of course we don't have any
image chat let's copy and paste here
and I'm gonna give some width and height
for this image
I'm going to make this a circle 50
percent and object width is going to be
covered
like this as you can see they are
centered right now and we will be able
to click on this user so I will say
cursor pointer and what about our
options
I will write here options
remember it's our menu
so what I'm gonna do is using here a
position absolute
that's because we are going to show our
box somewhere here it's going to be
underneath this user div like that
let's do that
position absolute
I will say top 50 right zero and I will
give some padding insights let's change
its background color it's going to be
white I will give some border then
pixels
I can give some border and we can see
better
one pixel solid and light gray
okay as you can see it starts from here
not here that because we didn't say
position relative for the primitive
like that
by the way I said border is going to be
border radius
and for the items inside
I'm gonna say display Flags black
extraction column and I will give some
Gap and it's going to be 10 pixels
of course we cannot see them that's
because they are white right now
I will say color and gray
okay
I can give some bit here it's too small
let's say 200 and font which will be a
little bit smaller like that
okay awesome
and let's write our functionality when I
click here we are gonna see our menu
to do that we are gonna need one more
use state
and I will say open and set open
it's going to be false and when I click
on this
user button
I'm gonna open it
so I will say
set open
and I will say if it's true it's going
to be false if it's false it's going to
be true so it's the opposite of
open variable
and I can write my condition for this
box also I will cover this option like
that
and I will say if it's open
like that perfect so let's take care of
Ria Groudon I'm going to open up its
homepage
as right now as you can see we are gonna
need react value Dom provider here and
inside this provider we are gonna pass
our router and it's going to include all
our pages but there is something
important here
for the home page for the category page
or single page
or Geeks for example we have our
neighbor and footer all the time so we
don't have to write them in every page
we are gonna write only ones using react
router Dom and we are going to wrap our
pages to do that we are going to be
using react rather Dom Outlet I'm gonna
explain this soon but before let's
import them
let me close them and open up my app.js
I will import
I'm going to create my router of course
I'm gonna change it
and finally I'm gonna wrap my
entire application using react rather
okay
as you can see it says hello world
but if I write here
home page
as you can see it shows our home page
so what about react router Dom Outlets
that's right here Outlet
basically I'm gonna create here a layout
let's say const layout
and it's going to return us
a simple layout which includes our
neighbor and also our footer of course
we don't have yet but we are going to
create
and between them I'm gonna use black
rather than Outlets as you can
understand instead of these Outlets we
can give any page like home page profile
page whatever you like of course I
should wrap them react fragments or you
can create here
any deal doesn't matter
let's open up
our components and create one more
component here and it's going to be
footer
okay let's create our CSS file
okay right now I can use it let's import
like that right now I can use my layout
here
the elements will be my layout
and for each page
I'm gonna return different components so
I'm going to create here an array
path is going to be our home page
and its element will be
the home page element
and right now as you can see we have now
bar
home page and footer I can do the same
thing for other pages
for gigs
for a single gig of course we are going
to have its ID
orders
my Geeks
what else we have
let's check
add new geek messages and single message
it's gonna have ID
and
that's all I think
let's import our Pages here
like that
and let's see
a single gig
as you can see it's here
are categories
like that
messages
perfect it works
right now we can use our links when I
click here we are going to go to home
page let's open up our neighbor
and right now I can open my comment here
like that and I can import
I will click as you can see we are in
the home page but as you realize there
is a default styling here to prevent
this I can open up my
menu here and create a common style
let's say app.css
and for the entire application I'm gonna
give a link class name
and I'm going to delete this text
decoration
and its color
so if I give
class name here
and Link
it's not gonna work that because we
didn't import our app CSS let's come
here
actually it's here I can import my CSS
file
app.scss
and right now as you can see we don't
have any decoration or color we can use
this link everywhere
for example here
let's open up nerbar
instead of those spans I can use Link
it's gonna be kicks
actually it's gonna be my Geeks
at
orders
messages
and also I can give my class name
and it's going to be link
like that I will click as you can see it
works
okay awesome
before starting other components I want
to show you one more thing here if I
visit any category here as you can see
even if I'm not scrolling it's still
white and we can see this menu
so we are gonna need one more condition
here
if you are not in the home page it's
gonna be active all the time to do that
we can use our location here
we can do this easily I will come here
and say const
use location hook
as you can see reactorado Dom
and we can choose our path name using
use location so let's come here and I'm
gonna write one more condition
or
if path name
doesn't equal
home page if it's not home page it's
going to be active
I can do the same thing for our menu
here I will say if it's active
or
path name is not home page
by the way I can update my links right
now like that as you can see we are
using react router Dom link and our
titles nothing else
okay as you can see we are in the home
page and it's green but if I click here
it's white perfect
it works
so we have finished our number it was
quite long
let's make this a little bit faster
otherwise this video will be really long
I don't want to do that let's create
this featured component
I'm going to close everything and open
up my menu and I'm going to create my
other component and it's going to be
featured
let's create quickly
of course we are going to have a
container
I'm writing in advance
and right here import
ant featured
scss
class name
is going to be featured and inside we
are going to create our container
by the way for the consistency I can
make this capital letter
like that
and let's open up our home page and
right here
featured
that's right anything here
okay it's here so let's see what we are
going to create firstly we are gonna
have our container is going to be same
size a thousand four hundred and inside
this container we are going to have two
sections both texts and this image here
that's right here
left and right
and inside left
we are gonna have a title I will copy
this
and search
inside this div we are going to have
three items this icon these inputs and
this button but as you can see this icon
and this input are really close each
other but this button is on the other
side it means we are gonna wrap those
items with a deal
let's do that
search input
and we are going to have our search icon
and input
that's right here a placeholder I'll
copy paste
it's gonna be try building mobile app
and after this input we are going to
have our search button
and not us we are going to have this
section
after this search I will say
popular
and we are going to have our buttons
here
web design
WordPress
logo design
and AI services
for the right side this image by the way
let's import our images
here I'm gonna create a new folder and
it's going to be our public folder
and inside this public folder I can
create
images
I will just drag and drop my images here
by the way in case of any copyright
problems I can change those images that
because they belong to fiverr.com maybe
they don't want us to use their special
images
so I'm gonna change them in the GitHub
repository but don't worry I'm gonna
find a nice one
okay
that's right here
images
man.png
and for this button
search.png
oops okay
let's open up our CSS file here and give
some style firstly I want to give here a
height that's a 600
it's going to be display Flags justify
content Center that's because we are
going to Center our container and
remember its size and we are going to
separate our left and right side so I
will say
display Flex
and by the way we can give our
background color here like that and text
color will be whites
like this let's take care of our left
side firstly it's going to be display
flex but vertical
I'm going to create left and right sides
display Flags Flex Direction column and
I'm gonna give gap between my items like
that for this H1 tag
let's say
bigger like that
and after
search div remember it includes our
search inputs
here it includes our image and input and
a button
and after this search there we have our
other div here
and inside we have a span
and some buttons
okay
let's make this search display Flex so
they are going to be horizontal
I will say align item Center I'm gonna
separate them using
just file content
and I want to give a background color
it's going to be white
and or the radius will be 5 pixels
so what about this other div search
input div again it's going to display
flex and an item Center
and gap between this icon and this input
perfect and I can change this image size
let's say 20
I can give some margin Maybe
or if you want to you can give padding
for this search doesn't matter
and after this image I will say
input
I'm gonna delete its border and its
outline
okay awesome
what about this button
I will give some width and height let's
say 50 I'm gonna delete its border
let's give background color it's gonna
be this green color and phone color will
be white and cursive pointer
okay awesome so let's give style for
those items
I'm gonna give space between them
let's say time pixels
and for those buttons
as you can see we are going to have some
border here and we are going to delete
this background color
let's say color white
background color transparent
let's give our border one pixel
solid and it's going to be white
I can give some padding from top and
bottom left and right
and both the radius will be 20 pixels
and font size a little bit smaller 14
pixels I like that
of course we can click on the cursor
pointer
we have a proper image here but if we
don't have if we have bigger or smaller
images
I'm just gonna give here a hundred
percent
and for image
height will be a hundred percent
an object which will be
contained
okay
by the way we can change this freelance
world
where is our H1 tag here
I'm just gonna write here and I tag
like that
and maybe I can decrease this font
weight
where's our H1 tag here
inside we have I and its front width
will be 300.
like this
so let's take care of
this section
I'm going to come here
close everything
and create a new component
I'm not sure should I create a component
for this small basic component but
anyway
we can create or just you can use your
home page and create a div there doesn't
matter
foreign
it into
our home page
here
like that okay let's see what we have as
you can see we have a text here and our
images
I will just say spend
and some images here I just want to copy
and paste
like that
nothing else
let's come here I'm gonna change its
background color that because as you can
see it's this gray color
life will be a hundred
I'll say display flags and justify
content Center
that because remember we have a
container here
I'll say with 760 is going to be a
little bit smaller
and I'm gonna Center everything I'm
gonna give gap between my items and
this text color will be let's say light
gray
font weight
by the way
why it's not gray
let's check
okay something is wrong here
oh I forgot creating here a container
okay let's take this back
like that and I'm gonna make those
images smaller
let's say 50 pixels an object that will
be
contained
okay but it's not centered
let's say just y content Center okay
awesome
so let's create
this slider
of course we can create our own slider
as we did before but this time we can
use a library it's going to be much
easier don't worry it's really easy to
use
firstly I want to create a new component
let's say slide
okay
let's see how we are gonna install
okay this is our library
we are going to be using this code
like that and let's see how we are going
to use it
firstly we are going to import this
slider and inside this component we are
just gonna pass our cards our images any
component here doesn't matter in our
case in our application as you can see
we are going to pass those cuts to do
that we are going to need another
component let's create those cards
actually I'm just going to copy this and
paste
let's change the name
I'll say gig card actually let's say
category card
that because our gig cards will be
different
I'm going to change its name
like that
so what I want to do is to create a w
data which includes those images this
title and this title so using those data
we can map through our cards and we can
show inside our slide components
let's close everything here
and inside source holder I'm going to
say data dot JS and here I'm gonna add
my fake data of course in the next
tutorial we are going to fetch our data
from DB but for now
we can use them as you can see they have
title description and image
we can use this
so basically we are going to have an
item here and I'm gonna add here a link
by the way that because when we click
time we are going to open up our
category
I'd say any ID here doesn't matter we
are going to change it later and here we
are not gonna need any container we are
going to have only those texts and this
image
I will delete this
and that's it and which is going to be
item dot image span and it's going to be
our description and title
item dot description
item dot title
okay that's all actually it's not a
single gig it's a category so it's gonna
be gigs
and we can give here any query of course
we are going to handle them later but
for now
it can stay like that
so when we click on those cards we are
going to open up our category page and
we will be able to see our gigs
and where we click them it's going to be
this single page
okay let's take care of each CSS here we
don't have any container
I'm gonna give some with
and height
font color will be white and I'm going
to give some border radius
just five
and cursive pointer
by the way I will give position relative
that because
we are going to cover this component
with our image and those texts will be
positioned absolute
let's do that
with a hundred percent
height a hundred percent it's gonna
cover all our components
let's say color
and after that for description for
weight 300
and Position will be absolute
and let's say top 15
left 15.
he's gonna start from here and for this
title so let's say title
from page will be bigger font size will
be bigger and again position absolute
that 15 but this time top will be let's
say 40.
okay we are gonna see them right now but
we have to import our slide first
let's see
I'm gonna import this slider
and
let's see first I'm just gonna copy here
and paste I'm gonna open up
my home page
and add my slide component
and as you can see this is our component
when I click here
it turns the two
three four like that and also we can
change them using both dots but in our
example
we don't have any dots so we can delete
them let's open up slider and delete
this
and basically we are going to pass here
our card component let's try
category card
of course we didn't pass any item here
I will say cards dot map for each card
I'm gonna return
category card
and as an item I'm gonna pass my card
let's import this data
by the way
we need to add here a unique key and
it's going to be
car dot ID
and right now as you can see our item is
here
and
I can scroll them using those buttons
but we can see only one image here we
can change it let's come here in the
documentation as you can see we have
slides to show we can show five slides
let's say
five
as you can see five items but when I
click here it adds only one image here
as you can see we can change how many
slides to scroll by default each one we
can change it
and it's going to be 5 also
and right now it skips five items and
the best thing is it's an infinite
slider
so even if we are in the last slide it
shows the first slide right after that
and it's awesome
so right now what can I do I can take
them as a prop here
like that
and I can drag this set here my children
basically we are gonna take those props
and these children from home page
I'm doing this that because we are gonna
need
one more slider here
let's see as you can see this is
different one in this case we are gonna
send another card here
so let's delete them actually I will
copy this
I will come here and import
and right now
I can map through my cards here as a
children
category cards
and key will be
cardboard ID and item will be
the card itself
it's exactly the same thing as you can
see by the way I didn't pass my
props
it's going to be five
it's going to be five and that's all
okay let's give some style here
as always display Flags justify contact
center
and I want to give some padding from top
and bottom
from here and here
and in container
which will be 1400 and perfect
if you want to you can change those
icons
to do that we can use their class names
they have some default class names
inside
so if I say carousel
previous and next
let's say with 50 height 50. background
color will be light gray
let's make this circle
as you can see
by the way it can be a little bit
lighter Maybe
okay and I'm gonna give some position
using position absolute
that's a position absolute
I'm gonna Center this vertically to do
that I'm gonna use top zero bottom zero
and margin Auto
okay
it's much better right now
you can change them as you wish using
those class names
by the way if you want to see more
features you can just visit this page
it's an awesome Library
and
that's all let's create this component
to do that I'm not going to create a new
component I'm just going to create
inside my home page
let's close everything and open up home
page
and after this slide
let's say features
yeah I'm gonna have a container
and you'll have two items as you can see
left and right part and inside this left
part we are going to have H1 tag this
title but as you can see there's an icon
here so we have to create another div
and finally this P tag and for the right
side we are going to have only this
video
let's say item another item
is going to include only our video
video thought
MP4 and I want to see its controls
in this case we will be able to see it
play button this line or time
and inside this item we are gonna have
H1 attack
let's copy and paste this
and I'm gonna create a div here
it's going to include our checkbox
and title
like that and after this view we are
going to have a P tag
and inside this tag I'm gonna paste this
text
okay as you can see it's really huge
let's create our other items here and
after
we are going to give our styles
I'm going to open up my home page
home CSS and inside home
features
we have item insights H1 tag
P tag and
title
let's see
as you can see we have this background
color inside features I'll say
background color
it's going to be display Flags just y
content Center
and I'm gonna give
padding from top and bottom
like that and by the way
let's take care of this video first
because it's really big so I will say
by the way there's a problem here as you
can see
instead of Navar we keep seeing our
cards to prevent this I'm going to open
up my navbar CSS and I will say
c Index and let's say 999. okay
so let's separate them by the way do we
have a container or not
okay we have I forgot that
let's add it here after features
so it's going to be display Flex
of course
are with
an align item Center
and cap between my items will be 15
pixels
okay
in our example as you can see this part
is a little bit bigger to do that I can
use flex
we have item here and the first item
will be I'll say first child
Flex 2 is going to be two units
and
the last child
Flex will be three
as you can see it's bigger right now if
I give any background you will see
better
let's say black
as you can see it ends here it's bigger
of course you can give
different names like left and
right but I just wanted to show you how
you can use first and last child
so let's make this item display Flex
and fly extraction will be
column
and cap will be 15 pixels
like that 15 pixel Space by the way they
are to close each other
let's come here and change this maybe
200 okay much better right now I can
take care of this image this H1 and my
title
this H1 is here
font weight will be 500 and I'm gonna
give some margin
margin bottom 10 pixels
and
let's say a little bit bigger font size
0.3 it will be 300 I'm going to change
its color it's going to be Gray
like that but their letters are to close
each other let's check here as you can
see its readability is higher I'm gonna
change a little bit
so let's say line height is going to be
28 pixels
and I'm going to give letter spacing and
it's going to be one pixel
like that it's much better
what about this title
it's going to be display Flex align item
Center I'm gonna give cap between them
it's going to be thicker
and bigger
and color will be let's say gray
I can decrease this inward size
it's inside title don't forget
it's going to be 24
High 24
okay perfect let's see
okay
what else
by the way we are gonna use one more
features
of course we are going to add this
component part before let's add this one
I'm just gonna come here and
copy this component and paste one more
time
as I said if you want to you can create
a different component but
we are not going to use it anywhere else
it's going to be only in home page
so I prefer using just home.jsx if you
want to you can change let's see what we
have here we have this image let's copy
its address and instead of video
we are going to have an image
and for this left side
we will have this H1 tag and another one
that's actually too late
those
it's going to be easier to see H1 tag
and one more and it's going to be this
text
after that we are going to have a P tag
I'm going to copy this
and again I'm going to create a title
Loop and inside we are going to have
image
which is going to be our
check icon
and a text here
like that
so I can copy and paste
other divs here
and finally we are going to have this
button
okay let's see
as you can see it's here but it's a
little bit different but don't worry we
are going to change it in our example as
you realize its background color is
different
to do that I can add here one more class
name and it's going to be dark
let's come here
inside features I'm gonna say
if it's dark mode
change its background color
and also color will be white
actually let me see
okay as you can see they are great that
because
we have given different colors for each
item so I have to do this one by one
I'll say H1
color will be white
P tag is going to be white and I'm gonna
give some margin button
because there is a space here
and for title
color will be white font weight will be
300.
font size will be 14. and for image
I'll say
a hundred percent
if we do that as you can see our items
are still gray that because it's
overwriting our dark component here to
prevent this I can come and say
important
in this case
it's not gonna overwrite anymore
like that
let's check okay
we can change this button
foreign
color
text color will be white I will give
some padding
font size will be
16 pixels we can click on it
and margin button will be
to any pixels
like that by the way there is a border
here I can delete it
border no
let's check
as you can see its width is a little bit
smaller
and there's a space here I set margin
bottom it's going to be top of course
like that and its size will be
maximum content
so I'll say with
maximum content in this case it's going
to be smaller
like that okay so we have here one more
slider
let's create
I'm gonna do exactly the same thing it's
going to be easier I will copy this
and paste right after this features
component
and we are going to have our projects
let's see
in this case we are going to be using
different dummy data let's open up our
data.js
and I'm gonna paste here my data
as you can see we have some projects
which includes image profile picture
category and the owner name this
username
let's use it
it's going to be projects
we are gonna have different cards let's
create
I will copy this and paste and it's
going to be project card
let's change those names
I will delete them
and
you're not gonna give any URL here it
can stay like that and let's see what we
are gonna have
as you can see there is an image and we
will create one more div here which
includes the user profile picture its
name and this project name
so let's say image
it's gonna be item dot image
let's create a div I'll say info it's
going to input our user image
which is item dot profile picture
and I'm gonna create
one more div texts and it's going to
include
the project name
let's check what was that
okay category
item dot category
and S Pen
we chose our username
let's open here
I'm gonna delete everything and start
from scratch
firstly I'm gonna give some width and
height
I'm gonna give a border radius it's
going to be flat pixels
and cursor pointer
and inside we are gonna have our image
it's a hundred percent and it's going to
be 70 percent
and the other 30 percent will be our
user image and its information
let's say object fit
and inside info remember
user image
and texts
and it includes our category
username
let's give some Style
I will say display Flags
align item Center
gap between them
and I'm gonna give some Paddock
of course we cannot see right now
let's import our project card
okay they are here those images are too
big
let's say
and Border radius as you always do
object fit
okay what about those texts
font size will be 14.
and 500.
okay as you can see we have a link style
here to prevent this remember what we
are doing
where is our project card here
okay we'll see class name and it's going
to be pink
by the way they are too small I think
I'm gonna give here a box Shadow to see
better
okay I'm gonna give some margin here
and we can try
hmm
okay it's not working that's because we
are trying to show five items
let's open up our home.jsx and it's
going to be four items
and right now it works as we expected
okay by the way
those points are too sharp to prevent
this
I'm gonna say overflow hidden that
because we have a positive radius here
this time it's going to be rounded
and one more thing for the home page and
it's going to be our footer
let's close everything and open up
filter quickly
let's see what we should create as you
can see we have two parts this top part
which includes our links and this bottom
part
I'll say container first
inside
top and bottom
and inside bottom we have left and right
and for the top part
basically for each column
I can create different items which
include this title and those links
so I'll say item
H2 let's say categories
and after that
those links I will just copy and paste
and we are gonna have
four items it's four or five
okay five items
okay
and for the bottom we are going to have
our logo
and S Pen this copyright text
now for the right side
we are going to have some images here
and two links and one more image
actually let's create a social div for
those icons
another deal for this icon and text
exactly the same thing
and image
so I'll see
social
is gonna have our icons social media
icons
after this I will say link
actually let's create a span
and it's going to be language.png
and one more link
is going to be coin dot PNG
let's say USD and after this link one
more image and it's gonna be
accessibility.ph
okay they are here let's give our style
it's going to be easy I will say footer
inside our container
top
button and inside left and right
let's quickly Center our items display
Flex justify contact center we are going
to give a color text color and it's
going to be
this gray color and I'm gonna give a
margin from top and bottom
like this 50 pixels 50 pixels what about
those images let's give directly
like that and for this container
let's give our size
and for the top section display Flex
justify content space between
like that but it's overflowing that
because we see all our links in the same
line
let's prevent this
for each item
display flags flag extraction column and
Cat between them
like that for this category remember
it's an H2 tag
all size 16
and color will be a little bit darker
like that
and for the span which are our links
front page will be 300. okay awesome by
the way we can add here this line
where is our
bottom here
before this I'm gonna add HR
let's write it here
firstly I want to give a space as you
can see they are really close
let's say 50
I'll say height zero and I'm going to
give a border
and light gray
this is a little bit lighter
I'm gonna choose different color
of course you can create a variable for
the consistency but for not wasting time
I'm just choosing immediately I'm trying
to do this as quick as possible
okay what about this bottom
let's make them horizontal
Airline item Center just five contacts
space between
and for the left side it's going to be
exactly the same align item Center
I'm gonna give gap between them
like that for this span
I'm gonna change its font size it's
going to be smaller
perfect and for the right side again
display Flex right item Center
gap between them and I should Center
them also what was the name
okay link and by the way we have social
also
display Flags align item Center and Gap
oops
and after that finally our link is by
flex and an item Center and Gap
okay perfect
we have finished our home page
right now we can take care of our
categories
let's open up any category here
foreign
so firstly we need those gig cards let's
create new components
okay inside we are going to have this
image this gig information
and the geek details so we are going to
have
three different items so I will say
image
we are going to take this as a prop this
item
and its image
let's write it here
by the way I can wrap this with link
and when we click them
we'll go to
any geek
like that and we are going to have geek
information and details
and in this information
we have this user which includes this
user image and its name after we are
going to have description and this start
div
it's going to be image
item dot profile picture
and I'm gonna have a span item dot
username
and after this user I can create my
description
and start you
and it's going to be image folder star
dot PNG and finally another span
and it's going to say item dot stack
let's create our fake data
I will come here
I will paste and as you can see click
image profile picture description its
Price Star number and the username so
after this info
I can write my details and it's going to
input
the heart image
this image and this component starting
at a price
title dot price
okay
I can open up my CSS and I'm gonna give
some bits and height
I will give some border it's going to be
non-pixel solid and light gray
and I'm gonna give some margin to bottom
that because
after each card we are gonna need this
space let's give height for this image
which will be a hundred percent but the
height will be 50 it's gonna end in the
middle of the card
right 50 percent
and object with
color
info section and
details section
I'm going to give some padding here 10
to 20.
it's going to be display Flex Flex
Direction column
and I'm going to do Gap
doors gaps
and for this user it's going to be
horizontal and again I'm going to give
space
inside info we have a user view display
flags and an item Center and Gap
and inside this user we have our profile
picture
it's going to be a circle
for the radius
and our description
it's going to be a little bit softer you
don't have to change here but anyway
and after our description
we have this start div
let's give Gap
I'm gonna decrease this inward size be
it 14 height 14.
and for spend
on size will be 14 monthly it will be
bold and its color will be
exactly the same color that this image
uses
like that
and for detail actually before detail
I'm gonna add this HR tag
let's come here
that will be zero I'm going to add
border 0.5 pixels
solid and
light gray
for details I'm going to give some
padding from left and right also
it's going to be display Flex align item
Center and I'm going to separate my
items
remember they are separated
and for this image I can decrease number
I mean its size
and we can click on it
and after this image
you're gonna have a price TV
did I create that divor
no I did it
like that so we have a span and H2
I'm going to change its color it's going
to be
softer
and font size will be really small
and what about this price
it's gonna be
darker and font size will be bigger
and let's see here I'm going to open up
my Geeks page let's close everything
here and open up
there is our categories here
before showing our cards
I want to create first those items let's
create this we are going to have a
container first
and it's going to be a span
and let's say bread crumbs
and H1 Tech
and a P tag
like that and finally we are going to
have a menu
oops
it's gonna be Dot
and this includes two sections
first one is budget section and second
one is sorting section
so I will say left and right
so I will say span
budget
and we are going to have two inputs
let's check two inputs and after one
button
let's say placeholder and it's going to
be minimum price and one more is going
to be maximum price
and finally a button
and I'll say that like
now for the right side we are going to
have this text and this icon and when I
click on this icon we are gonna see a
menu here
exactly the same thing as we did here
let's create
to say span sort by
let's give a class name
sort by I'm giving that because we are
going to have one more span here and
it's going to be sort type
and it's best selling
it's going to be dynamic that because
when we choose another option here it's
going to be changing
like that
and let's create this image and our menu
tone dot PNG
and right after that I'm going to create
my menu let's say right menu
and two options
used
or best select
okay let's give a style and after that
we are going to take care of this menu
display Flags justify content
I'm gonna give my beat I'm gonna give my
padding
and it's going to be
Plex Direction column
and gap between each item
okay there is no space here oh
I'll say pixels
okay right now let's take care of those
items breadcrumbs
front weight a little bit thinner
font size a little bit smaller
like that and for this description
it's a p-tack remember color will be
soft gray like that
and front page
okay let's give style for this menu
it's going to be display Flex align item
Center and I'm gonna separate them
just file content space between
and inside this menu remember we have
left
and right side
let's check here as you can see
and that size will be display Flex align
item Center
I'm gonna give Gap
and color will be
five five
okay
what about those inputs
I'm gonna give some heading
border one pixel solid
and that's a light gray
I just want to delete this outline this
blue outline is going to be North
line not and
let's change those placeholder texts
they are too dark
I will say placeholder
and color will be Gray
maybe light gray okay Gray is better
it can stay like that
and for this button
as we always do background color
yeah I've already done this couple times
so I'm not going to explain
what I'm doing
cursor will be pointer and let's give
some painting
Maybe
radius
five pixels
okay awesome
and what about here
display Flex align item Center and gap
between items
and for this sort by
color will be
555 and front page will be thinner
and for sword type
it will be thicker
and there is a Dom image here
it's going to be 15 pixels and cursor
will be pointer that's because we are
going to click on it and see these
options let's give a position absolute
for this right menu
this one
but remember if you are using position
absolute the parent should be position
relative
firstly I'm gonna make you a padding
background color is going to be white
for the radius like pixels we can give a
border
0.5 pixels
and light gray
let's create position absolute and give
our positions
right zero and it's going to be display
flex and flag extraction column that's
because our items will be vertical and I
can give some Gap
and color will be
555.
like that by the way I set light gray
but
ah sorry
okay and
for those items we can click so I'm
gonna choose those spans
inside this menu
and cursor pointer
okay
right now I'm gonna create exactly the
same functionality
I will come here and say const open set
open
use State hook
and the initial state will be false
let's close here
and when I click on this button
this down button
I'm going to open or close my menu
so I will say set open
it's going to be opposite of open
and I can write here my
condition
if it's open
like that
so how I'm Gonna Change here to do that
I need one more use State and it's gonna
store this value let's create one more
use state
and I'll say sort set sort
and this value will be at the beginning
sales I'm writing sales here
not best selling that because in the
next tutorial we are going to make an
API request and our query will be this
sales number for example we are going to
make requests like
API
Geeks and we are going to give here any
query
like sort and sales or sort and create
it add date
if you want to see the newest items
this is why we are storing like this
and let's create here a function I will
say const Resort
we are going to take a type from user
and we are going to set
our state here
and also we are going to close our menu
when we click one of them
and let's use this
if I click here
I'm going to give type and it's going to
be created at
let's copy this and paste here
and it's going to be sales
and we should change here
I'm gonna come here and say if sort
equals
sales is gonna write here pass selling
if it's not it's gonna write here newest
let's see
I'm gonna click as you can see perfect
but in this case we shouldn't see this
button we have already chosen
so we are going to need one more
condition
and I will say leave sort equals
sales
is gonna be this spend if it's not it's
gonna be this bad
I will refresh
as you can see only newest I'm gonna
click
and right now only best selling let's
check here
okay awesome
and we are going to show our cards right
now
it's really easy
where is our menu
I'm gonna come here and say Cuts it's
going to contain all our cards
so let's say geeks.map
for each item we are going to return our
key card
of course we should add here its key
to ID and item will be
kick
let's import this
data
and also we are gonna need
our component let me paste it
and let's see okay
there here
as you can see we forget writing link
class name let's open up
key card
it's gonna be clicked
foreign
as you realize it's vertical
let's make this horizontal
after this menu
I will say
cards is going to be display flex but
this time
it's gonna overflow
to prevent this
I'm going to write here flagstrap
and it's going to be wrap
it's much better
but I can separate them
justify content space between
and awesome
maybe I can make this border softer
whereas our gig cards
okay this one is grabby lighter like
that
so I can do the same thing for
this HR tag
here
okay
right now we can click on them and open
up our single gig page let's create
let's check here first
as you can see we are going to have two
sections first part and second part the
first part will include those items
and the second part will be this D key
card as you can see
it stays in this position
let's create
I will close everything and open up
git page
let's create container
left and right sides
let's create this
breadcrumbs
and H1 tag
and after we are going to create this
user section
and it will include our profile picture
username let's say John Doe
and stars how many stars this user has
you can see there are five stars and
this span but of course it can be four
three depends on our user so I can
create
five star inside for now
image folder star.png
five of them
and finally
a span is going to be five
where are our stars
I should do it like that I think okay
and after that we are going to have this
slider
after this user
I'm gonna call my
slider from my library and inside we are
gonna have let's say three images
actually I will just copy and paste them
and
slide to show will be just one
it's gonna show only one image each time
and when we screw this Arrow scroll
and it's gonna show only one more image
let's see
okay
I'm clicking second
start one two three okay perfect
and after that we are going to have this
H1 tag actually that's a H2 that's
because we have H1 here and after this P
tag let me copy this
after this slider
H2 and P tag
and what else
there's a seller section we are going to
have H2 attack again
and after that this user section
user image and other details I will say
seller section
h2 tag what was that about the seller
and user section
it's going to include user image let me
paste here by the way did we use user
image here okay I forgot I will add
and after this image we will create one
more div and it's going to include this
username dot stars and this contact me
button let's say user info
again I'm gonna use those
stars like that
and a button
what else
we are gonna have this box and in this
box we will have two sections those
items and this P tag and between them we
are going to create this HR tag
so let's say box
items
and a P tag
let's copy and paste this
okay
so inside these items
we are going to have each individual
item
and it's going to include one title and
one let's say description
it's going to be from
USA
and I'm going to copy and paste others
like that and after those items we have
this description but before as I said we
are gonna need an H attack
and after that finally
we are going to have our reviews
so after this seller section I'm gonna
create one more section
where is seller
okay it ends here so I'm gonna say
reviews
H2 attack
and we are going to have three items
here and each item includes again user
section Stars description and those
items let's say helpful section
let's do that
I'll say item
and user
user image and I'm going to create one
more div here that because
it's going to be display flex and first
part will be this image second part will
be this name and discount three
let's say
John Doe
and one more View
and it's going to include the flag the
country flag and the country itself
United States
I'm gonna copy and paste
this user image
and USA flag
like that
and after that we are gonna need those
Stars
it's exactly the same component
after this user I'm gonna create my
stars here
it's going to include 5 stars and five
and a P tag
like that and finally The Helpful
section
is text
icon text icon text
it's gonna be yes or no
and between them we are going to add our
icons
image like dot PNG
and one more and it's going to be
dislike.png
and that's all I think
and between each item we are going to
need this HR
let's choose this item
HR tag
one more item
HR and the last item
okay
let's care about them and after we can
create this box
firstly what I want to do is to make our
container display flex and this left
side will be twice bigger than this
right side
let's open up kick dot as CSS
display Flags justify contact center for
the container
with 1400 I'm gonna give my link from
top and bottom
and as I said display flex and maybe gap
between the
and finally I can create left
and right side
and it's going to be Flex one
sorry it's going to be Flex 2 because
it's the bigger part
Flex one
okay
let's make this vertical
oops
I need semicolon here
relax Direction column
and Gap 20.
okay
let's start with this breadcrumbs let's
open up here
okay inside left
I'm gonna say 300
font size 13 pixels and color will be
the meat gray color
and this tag H1 tag
actually we don't need to change it it
looks okay let's see okay it's exactly
the same
and this part this user part they are
gonna be horizontal and I'm gonna
decrease this image and this in which
size
and give some color
I'll say user display Flags line item
Center
cap between each item
and
for this image
actually I can say
class name
I don't wanna affect any other images
here
so let's say PP profile picture pursue
High 32
and portal radius
after this image
I'm gonna say span our username font
size 14
4.8 500.
like that what about those Stars
after the span
I'm gonna say Stars
and an item Center
gap between them
for each image
I'm gonna say 14 pixels
and for this number I will say spam
class size 14 4 to 8 balls and I'm going
to change its color it's gonna be orange
let me copy this color
like that
and what about this section in our
example as you can see our images are
not covering this slider so object fit
will be contained
let's come here and say class name
it's going to be slider
okay
after this user
I'm gonna say slider and image inside
I'm gonna say maximum height 500 pixels
and object bit is going to be contained
in this case it's gonna look better
like that let's see okay awesome and for
those H2 tags
let's see after slider here
phone paid will be 400.
now for the description
let's say 300 color will be
mid Gray
okay
but to make this more readable
I'm gonna give line height
and it's going to be 25 pixels
okay and for this seller section I'm
gonna give first a space here
I'll say seller margin top 50 pixels
is going to be display Flex Flex
Direction column
and cap between each item will be
20 pixels let's take care of this user
section
gap between them
and this image
hundreds
and it's going to be Circle
and after that I will say info
remember this is our info section
let's see
again I can say display Flags Flex
Direction column and gap between them
and finally those Stars
actually I'm gonna do exactly the same
thing I can copy here
like that
and this button
I'm gonna give a background color I'm
gonna delete that gray color it's going
to be white
for the radius 5 pixels
let's give a border one pixel solid
and gray
and padding will be 10 pixels
like that awesome of course cursor
pointer
okay
and this box
I'm gonna give a border and a padding
inside
where is our seller section here
before this I'm gonna say
box
let's see here okay it's here
let's say border one pixel
solid and light gray
I'll say pour the radius five pixels
padding too many pixels and I'm gonna
give margin top and it's going to be 20
also
like that and for this item section
I'm gonna say
display flex and flex drop will be wrap
remember why we are doing this
space between
oops
of course they look like that that
because we didn't give any beats for
each item let's do that
let's say 300 I'm gonna say
column Flags
like that
and gap between each item and margin
bottom will be 20.
after each item there will be 20 pixels
space and remember it was title and this
was description let's check title and
description
I'm gonna change this title
and a little bit thinner
okay let's check here
perfect
let's create this HR and change this P
tag
after items I'm gonna say HR Tech
right zero I'm gonna give border
light gray
um margin button will be 20 pixels
I'm doing this that because we already
have 20 pixels space here remember for
each item there was margin bottom
so we are giving only here we don't have
to change here it already looks great
and we have only those reviews here and
after that we are going to create this
box
okay seller section
and Sear
and reviews section
firstly I'm going to give a space here
come back
okay let's write this item
display flags for extraction
and I'm gonna give some margin
let's decrease this input size and we
can see better inside item I'm gonna say
user
and profile picture
it's going to be 50 pixels
and there is a country deep here
align item Center
space and color will be Gray
and inside this country section we have
one more image
okay it's going to be 20.
by the way why it didn't change
I remember I gave class name here but
okay
so I have to change for others
after this country actually after this
user I think yes after this user we have
stars
yeah
right here
I will again copy and paste it's exactly
the same thing
as we did here
and
this helpful section
inside this item after this user
and star
okay
as always align item Center and gap
between
and I'm gonna say which will be
10 pixels
whoops too small Maybe 14.
okay much better and for this HR tag
height zero
and Border will be 0.5 pixels
solid and light gray
margin will be 50 pixels and zero pixel
okay
it looks pretty nice
finally we can
create our box here
let's open up our right side
actually I can close here for now
let's see what we are gonna have
the first section second
third
and fifth so I'm gonna create a D4 here
D4 here and for here
let's do that
I'm gonna say price section after that A
P tag let's say detail section and
finally a button
okay
inside this price section we are going
to have this title and this price
so let's say H3
and let's say
59.99 and let's say it's H2 it will be
bigger
and this p-tech let's copy and paste
this details section
two items with this icon and span icon
span
clock.png
and expand here
actually I'm gonna wrap this with a
different div here
first item
and it's gonna be two days
Delaware
and one more item and it's gonna be
recycled
and three revision
now finally this button
not before I forgot here
after this
details
let's say features
it's going to be green check
and S Pen let's copy here
like that and three more items
and after that finally I can say
continue
let's see
okay
let's open up our style file
I'm gonna take this here
and I'm going to open the right side
firstly I'm gonna give a border
it's going to be light gray
let's give some padding insights and
board the radius
I'm going to say display Flex Flex
Direction column
for each item to any pixel space and as
I said it's going to be position sticky
remember how we are doing this
if you are using sticky positioning you
have to write here any
position and it's going to be 150 pixels
like that but if I scroll as you can see
it's not sticky that because its height
is a hundred percent here
to prevent this
I'll say maximum height and it's going
to be 500 pixels
and right now as you can see it's sticky
after those images it's gonna look
better
that's a price section
item Center just file content space
between
and remember we have H2 and H3 tags
from 3300
front page 500.
and after this price section we have a P
tag
I'm going to say color will be Gray
and let's give some margin between
top and bottom
and what else we have
what was the name of this section
details I think
price
okay details
as always
item Center
justify content space between
and I'm gonna decrease this font size
and for each item
remember it includes one image and one
span
again display Flags align item Center
sum Gap
and the image will be 10 pixels right
now it's going to look better
as you can see and there is a problem
here even if our content is smaller than
500 its height is still 500 to prevent
this I'm gonna give here
height
maximum content
in this case if it's
smaller than 500
it's going to contain all our contact if
it's bigger it's gonna stay there
it's not going to be bigger than 500.
okay after these details
I will say features
for each item
I'm going to say display Flex
cap
and font weight will be 300
color will be Gray
as you can see it's horizontal to
prevent this I'm gonna say
fly extraction column here
and let's give cap
okay perfect
I'm gonna decrease this input size
inside item
14 pixels
by the way those images are too small
let's make this 20. okay
and finally this button
after features I'm gonna say button
background color
this green color I'm gonna give padding
hex color will be white
I'm going to delete border
ticker font weights
font size will be a little bit bigger
and finally cursor pointer and awesome
by the way
there is a line here
but I forgot adding this here
let's open up number
okay we have a HR here but I didn't add
here
okay
so we have created our single page also
right now we can create our
Geeks page
so I'm gonna close my tabs here
and let's open up my Geeks
I'm gonna create here a container
and firstly I will create this H1 tag
and right after that you'll need a table
here
by the way I forgot this button so I'm
gonna create a div here which includes
this title and button and after this
table
so let's say title
H1 is going to be
kicks and a button by the way it's going
to be a link
and
add new gig
after this title I can create my table
and my titles will be
image
title
price
orders
and action
maybe I can say sales
because it's going to be a number
and after that let's create our first
items
first one will be our geek image
so I'm gonna copy and paste my image
and second one
is going to be title let's say geek one
is gonna be price
any number
sales number
and one more TD and it's gonna be a
button
activate.png
let's give a start
my kicks
display Flags content Center and I'm
gonna say my container
it will be 1400s
I'm gonna give a painting
50 and 0 pixels
I will say display Flex remember it's
ideal and just by content will be
spacebiki so I'm going to separate this
title and this button
I can say align item Center
to Center them
and I will say button
I'm going to give my green background
color
text color will be white
fontade
I'm going to delete this border
let's give some padding and finally
cursor pointer oops didn't apply
because I didn't say button here
okay perfect I'm gonna give a read for
this table
after this title I'm gonna say table
and
its fifth will be a hundred percent
and for each TR I'm gonna give height
it's going to be bigger of course we
cannot see right now because of this
image
but you are going to understand better
right now I will say TD and
image inside
object with color
this is our product in which
and for this delete in which I can give
different class name let's say late
and for this one
let's see
image
for this icon it's going to be smaller
cursor pointer
so if I add more item here let's copy
this
if I don't give this height
let me explain
as you can see it looks a little bit
weird
this is why I'm giving height here
by the way
I can align those items those titles
so I will say th
and text align will be left
okay perfect in our example as you can
see we have a different color for even
items
so I'm gonna come here
for each TR
and I will say as child and for even
Childs I'm gonna give different
background color
and it's going to be discourse
like that
so let's do the same thing for
orders
I'm just going to change those icons
so I'm going to open my menu and
actually
I can copy here and paste four orders
and here
and paste for
these orders page of course I should
change my
names is going to be orders
and here
foreign
okay I'm gonna change this title
orders we are not gonna need this button
here
and I'm going to change my table
we have image title price but I'm Gonna
Change here if we are the seller it's
going to be buyer if we are the buyer
here is going to be seller to do that
I'm gonna write here a logic
that's a const current user
remember what we have done in the number
component
are created here a current user we can
use it
so it's going to be
title price buyer and contact
title price I'm gonna write here a
condition
and here is going to be contact
so I'm gonna say
if current user
is seller
right here buyer
if it's not right here seller
like that as you can see it's by right
now that because we are a seller and I'm
gonna change those icons
and it's gonna be
message
okay perfect actually those icons are
better than this one I think
smaller is better
and not us
we have messages
again I can copy and paste
messages
and the CSS file
like that let's check
okay
let's see what we Are Gonna Change
we are going to have buyer last message
date and action
let's update them
we don't need image
it's going to be by your name let's say
John Doe
last message I'm gonna write here
any random message actually
I can create here
a message post message
and it's going to be this random message
I can use it there
date let's say one day ago
and action will be a button
Mark as
Brett
we don't need this button
okay
so I can
copy this row and I can delete others
and I can duplicate
like that as you can see in our example
we are not showing the alt text here we
should just cut this message let's do
that
I'm going to choose my messages
and I will take its substring
zero to a hundred if it's more than a
hundred it's not gonna show and also I
can add here
like that three dots perfect
let's make some changes here firstly as
you can see
first two items are green that's because
we haven't read them yet as you can see
we can click here or when we click we
can open up the message section but
those three messages are different
that's because they are old messages
let's do that
for these two messages I'm going to say
class name
and active
like that
I'm going to open
here
we don't need this button
actually I'm gonna use it for
this button so I will copy
we don't have any image
I'm gonna say padding 10
and this height will be a hundred it's
going to be bigger
like that
and I'm gonna delete here actually I'm
going to change
and it's going to be our active class
if it's active it's going to be green
like that
let's change colors this one will be
black this and this one will be gray and
finally we can give style for this
button
so I'm gonna choose my first child
and I will say font weight 500
and
for a second
for third child
color will be Gray
like that
okay
and for this button
I will come here as a button
and paste my style here
like that
by the way for those items
we don't need any button let's delete
them
first one second one
and I'm gonna delete here
okay perfect and I should add a link
here
so I'm going to choose my messages
like that
and we are going to open the single
message
of course class name don't forget
it's going to be link
um okay I will click and we are here
let's see
I will click and as you can see
we have this chat section
I will close here and open up my message
inside let's create container
I will create span
bread crumbs
let's copy this
and I'm going to add here
a link
like that
two messages
we are gonna turn back
okay
and after that I can create this message
section
and right section
in this section we are going to have
an input and a button
let's say text area is going to be a big
text area not input
so let's say placeholder write a message
and I'll say button sent
like that
for this area I'm gonna need this
message item which includes a user image
and its message
so let's say item
in which I will paste here my image
and a P tag
and inside
let's copy and paste this message
okay let's give some Style
that'll say message
inside container
bread crumbs
messages and write
let's give this big flags justify
content Center I'm gonna give beat it's
going to be a little bit smaller and I
will say margin
front feet will be 300
full size 13 pixels and color will be
555.
like that and I can give a margin here
actually
for these messages I can give
30 and 0 pixels
like that for messages
I can give some padding inside
display flags flags Direction column
and gap between each message
and the important thing is it's going to
be 500
and overflow will be
scroll
it means if it's bigger than
500 like here we will be able to scroll
for each item
it's going to be display Flex
gap between the user image and the
message
and I'm gonna give here maximum width
it's going to be 600.
so if our message is too long
it's not going to be bigger than 600.
font size will be let's say 18.
and for the P tag inside
I'm gonna give padding
background color light gray
maybe softer we will see and I'm gonna
give border radius
is going to be 0 pixel at the beginning
let me explain as you can see this H is
0 pixel and other edges are 20 pixels
like that
let's take care of this image so we can
see better
40 right 40.
for the radius
and object fits
okay let's make this softer it's too
dark
something like that okay
maybe this text
let's give font page maybe let's try
I don't know which one is better
but I think 300 is better
and
for the second item as you can see this
is our message so its background color
will be different and our image will be
in this site
so I'm going to create one more item
here
and I will add one more class name it's
going to be owner
let's come back inside this item
I'll say
if it's owner
Flex direction will be row reverse in
this case
our image is here and I'm gonna change
this Edge
let's say p
for the radius
20 0 20 20.
and also background color will be
royal blue and the font color
is going to be white
but I want to move this item here at the
end of the container
to do that I will come here and say
align self
and
right now it's in the end of the flex
box
awesome
let's create some more items
as you can see perfect
what about this section
it's going to be display Flex align item
Center and justify content space between
so we can separate them like that
and this text area
eight percent
height 100 pixels adding 10 pixels
and I'm gonna give some border
and light gray
and finally for the radius 10 pixels
okay awesome
by the way I can add here an HR tag
let's do that before this right section
I'm going to say HR
that will be zero border will be 0.5
pixels
solid and light gray
of course I can give some margin here
magic bottom
and
maybe a little bit softer
okay
and finally this button
we have created this button it's really
easy just padding some background color
will be white I'm going to change font
weight it's going to be thicker
I'm gonna delete border border radius
uh cursor pointer
like that maybe I can increase this
width
maybe 100 pixels
okay
actually this version is cleaner than
this one
this phone fade is too much and this
color is too dark and there is no space
here
perfect
and what else we have
we have here add new geek page let's
check
okay as you can see we will have two
sections left and right and we are going
to have some inputs file inputs text
inputs and this select method
and finally a button
let's do that
I'm gonna close them and open up my add
page
let's add quickly our container
I will have an H1 tag and it's going to
be add new gig
and I'm going to create one more do and
it's going to be our sections
left and right
and inside this left side we are going
to have some inputs let's see as you can
see text input and select here let's
create them first
firstly I will say label
it's going to be title
and inputs here
and I will say placeholder I'm going to
write here my example
we cannot do a single code because of
this one
it should be double
and one more label here
is going to be category
and we are going to have a select here
let's give a name and ID
it's going to be categories
and our first option
let's say design
and others
web development
animation
they are not important because we are
going to be changing in the next
tutorial but for now they can stay
and what else
we have file inputs and after we have
this text area and finally a button
let's create another label here
I will say
color image
let's create others actually
upload images
and description
let's create inputs and it's going to be
a file input
and one more but this time it's going to
be multiple
we will be able to upload multiple
images
and finally
text area maybe I can increase here
and let's give placeholder
like that
and a button
I will say create
okay
what about here input text area number
input number input let's create them
first
by the way as you can see we can give
minus we should give some rules for
those numbers
I will say label
service title
short description
Gallery time
revision number
add features
what else
price
okay it's going to be an input
it's going to be a placeholder
short description is going to be a text
area
I'm gonna paste my placeholder like that
deliver time will be input but this time
type will be number and it's going to be
minimum zero sorry but
it shouldn't be under one
and one more thing one more number
add features is going to be
some inputs
let's give our placeholders
and one more number here
let's see
okay
so we are ready to give our style right
now I'm gonna open my CSS file
that'll say add main container
and our container due I'll say display
Flags justify content Center
I'm gonna give my feed and cutting as
you always do
and firstly H1 Tech I will say color
gray
on feet 300
like this
I can give a margin here
30 pixels and my sections
remember it includes left and right side
so I will say justify content space
between
and I'm gonna give a huge gap here a
hundred
I'll say left
and right
actually I can write them together that
because there are some common styles
like display Flex
Flex Direction
column gap between each item 10 pixels
plus five content space between
like that so let's change those labels
I'll say label
color will be Gray
font size will be
18.
oops
like that
okay let's check perfect
and for inputs text inputs text areas
and for this select button
I want to give some padding
after this label I'll say for input
for select
for text area
padding will be 20 pixels
like that by the way I can give Flex for
each item for this left and right sides
so I can increase their sizes
let's say Flex one
as you can see right now they are bigger
let's check
and finally for this button
or the known
padding to any background color
text color
I'm gonna increase font weight
font size
and cursor pointer
like that
and that's all I think let's check
we can add here new items
maybe I can change those colors they are
too dark but anyway they can stay if I
make any changes you can find this in
the GitHub repository
we have orders messages
single message
home page
category page
and a single gig here
okay I haven't added any payment page
for now because I don't know which
technology I'm gonna use maybe we can
use a stripe page or maybe we can create
our own page just let me know in the
comments what kind of payment you want
to see for this project
and that's all guys I hope you liked it
if you learned something new today
please like the video you can support
normative by using the link in the
description below or by joining to
channel don't forget to follow lamadev's
social media accounts
I will try to share daily development
tips design examples and some other
coding related stuff I highly recommend
you to follow them
and that's all I hope I will see you in
the next tutorial goodbye